META
You should be familiar with our objective for this story before you proceed. You can find it in the 'World/Introduction' channel.

PRELUDE
The region of Bernia was once ruled by a massive foreign empire. When that empire broke apart, the region fell into various warring states, rules by warlords and monarchs of little legitimacy. Eventually the Region was unified by Bernhardt "The Great", who founded the Kingdom of Bernia before passing shortly after.

When he passed, his new kingdom broke between his many sons. The recently pacified region was thrown back into another era of mass conflict. Eventually, The Great's son Berhardt II "The Wise" managed to reunite the kingdom from his brothers through a a combination of cunning, pragmatism and sheer might. With this reunification, the Kingdom once again entered a period of peace and widespread economic prosperity.

CORE STORY
Shortly after reuniting his father's kingdom, Bernie receives a horrifying notice from his spymaster. It turns out that a pretender to the throne remains! And with a strong claim no less. Worse, that pretender is known to be somewhere in Cross City, a city mostly beyond the reach of his power, a sovereign city-state sitting right atop a major trade artery between his kingdom and his main rival power, the state of El-Eshum.

HOT IDEAS (raw copy-pastes)

Bernie
He was the first son, named after his father. From the beginning the crown was to go to him by birthright. He was kind and cared for his brothers, seeking to be the ideal king and family man, but when his father died and his brothers turned on each other, he saw it as his mission to put everything back in order, and it cost him all his innocence.

(the following events are likely to be pushed forwards in the timeline, into the middle of the story)
- an idea to make it all seem even more dramatic: he had three children: male, female, male
but the family estate was raided by wildlings* and the older of the boys died protecting the younger siblings. soon after that, the younger boy got an infection from the attack, and died in his mother's arms with a high fever. their mother died of depression soon after that, leaving his sole heir, even though she doesn't want to be, to be the care-free middle girl, who was also very good with magic skills.
- (future)
she, as a result, was sent to an all-girls magic school - top of the nation. and hasn't been seen since, until...?
- (far future)
(bernie dies as the result of the war? setting off the next arc to be unfolded, to find the next heir? who happens to be a girl, so a lot of stuff would stand in her way leading to a lot of drama and stuff?)

Bernie's age
that could be a reason why they accepted bernie's lineage so easily. maybe he's not 783 yet but he could totally be, since.. maybe his father/mother was? which would mean they were either there when The Fall happened, or at least in the first-generation born on the planet
culturally, it doesn't have to have that great an impact, since it'd be "the norm" for everyone. "some royals can live for a long time" or something

The Pretender
"There's a pretender", something to that effect. Bernie will know who it is...or who it could be, it could be multiple people! Is it his second brother who was always by his side in the civil war before going missing mysteriously? Is it one of the traitors who absolutely will try to claim the throne? Can he still trust the first one? - I think making the pretender a brother is a good idea, inherent strong claim to the throne.

Knight Character
The knight is fun. He's a golden-cradle-born noble who participates in a jousting match at the end of the peace festival, that Bernie is throwing to celebrate the new peace that came with his unification of the region. He wins by shear luck, and eventually, after Bernie learns of the threat, the knight get's picked - I propose(d?) as part of a party - to go on the journey to deal with the pretender in Cross. He's either a proud douchelord, or an incopetent himbo.

Eastern Engineer lady (from long ago)
she didn't really have a role, just that she arrived and taught a bunch of new and effective ways to build things faster. i think she was looking for someone and she traded that knowledge for her skills. She also enabled bernia to have a.. that.. uhh.. that bath house thing with the hot water
- i also thought about that when the asian architect bumped into the party as they left - she was introduced as they left, before their story really begins.. and then later on, we can tell her story as she helps the town and looks for her mysterious missing person (it would happen in parallel to when the party is out, but the story would be told later on)

Separate Dank Species
basically someone (probably me) had the idea of there being two different variations of the same species. the peace-loving dank water people, and then their protectors - they live separately due to obvious reasons as two entirely different cultures.
originally, they were at war, but the protectors gave up in lieu of hundreds of years of attempted peace talks between the two peoples. the wars actually ended when a pregnant farm girl and a protector soldier fell in-love, and they were killed publicly, shocking both sides into perpetual peace. so then they swore to protect the values and ideals of the peace-loving dank water people, serving as a sort of peacekeeping force. they first came into light when the first humans were made to be stuck on the planet, but i didn't think about the plot for that timeline yet, so there are no details about that specific encounter

Timeline
- Knight wins jousting match, without showing the actual battle
- Brief chapter introducing Bernie and other characters, with bernie congratulating and meeting the knight for the first time
- Bernie learns of the pretender (Official start) - the meeting is interrupted by his spymaster giving him the news in private before the knight is told to leave.
- Knight is told to gather and others to get sent by Bernie to deal with the pretender in cross
- Engineer lady arrives at Cross while the party is leaving through the city gates
- stuff
- potential Big war or battle within a new war
